Create discussion.md (#965)
microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/discussion.md

---
name: Discussion

> about: Start a discussion topic, or brainstorm an new idea, related to WinUI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Start a discussion topic, or brainstorm a new idea, related to WinUI
```

> title: 'Discussion:'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Discussion: [your discussion title]'
```

labels: discussion
assignees: ''

---

<!-- This is a template for discussion issues.

> These issues invite members of our community to discuss any topics or ideas related to WinUI.  For example, you might

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Discussion issues can be about any topics or ideas related to WinUI.  For example, you might
```
First sentence sounds like it's explaining why we created it and not why/how to use it - maybe make it more opener-oriented?

start a Discussion issue to see if others are interested in a cool new idea you've been thinking about that isn't quite
ready to be filed as a more formal Feature Proposal.

Discussion issues can also just be used to chat about non-feature-related topics, such as how WinUI relates to other

> things happening in our industry, or stories you'd like to share about how WinUI meets (or doesn't) meet your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
things happening in our industry, or stories you'd like to share about how WinUI meets (or doesn't meet) your needs.
```

-->

# Discussion: [your title here] 
<!-- Add a title for your Discussion issue. Please be short and descriptive, and write body text in this section. -->

## Related Links

> <!-- Please list any related links or referneces to this discussion issue -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- Please list any related links or references to this discussion issue -->
```

> <!-- Please list any related links or referneces to this discussion issue -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Please list any related links or references to this discussion issue -->
```
